This agreement is bad for France and for Europe.
It will worsen the ecological and social crisis of the human civilization
because it doesn't even mention the Paris climate treaty (COP21) once,
because it encourages the import of the most polluting fossil fuels in the world,
because it encourages the most brutal, cruel and disloyal form of agriculture,
because it establishes special courts
that enable big companies to go against countries' laws.
In the mean time, it accepts the social dumping of a country that didn't sign the convention
of the International Labor Organization on negotiations.
This treaty would have never been adopted, or even negotiated, if my country had refused to.
The French government has a particular responsibility in this matter.
Likewise, this agreement would not have been accepted
if the social democrat group of the European Parliament had not supported it.
This treaty in general is going to be a blow against Europe and against my homeland.
I want to believe that the future generations will remember this,
at least during the 2017 French presidential election.